Copyright (c) 2022-2025 Ralph Campbell.

Key Features
1. All passwords are encrypted
2. AES256 encryption is used to Encrypt all "passwords". During installation a unique KEY and SALT are created for each "Password" app installation. Database files can not be shared between "Password" app installations. 
3. Runs on Tomcat 11 or higher.
4. Uses SQLite as the DB engine. A small files based DB. 
5. Backup and Restore functions are available to the admins
6. Individual "password" history is saved so "passwords" can be "undeleted" or "restored" to any previous value. 
7. "Passwords" can have expiration dates set. As "Passwords" get close to their expiration date, notices with be displayed in the "Safe" displays.

How Password app works.
"Passwords" are stored in a "Safe".
"Users" are assigned to "Groups" 
"Groups" have specific permissions to Create/Read/Update/Delete all "Passwords" in a "Safe"
"Users" with admin permissions can do anything to everything.


Installation and Setup Instructions
1. Install a Apache Tomcat 11, ensure Tomcat is running by opening a web browser to the base Tomcat URL http://server_name_or_IP:port_number/
2. Copy the "password.war" file to the "webapps" directory. Ensure the tomcat service has read/write access to the "password.war" are the same.
3. Restart the Apache Tomcat service to force Tomcat to expand/extract the "password.war" file. After Tomcat expand/extracts the war file several directories will appear under the "password" directory. 
4. Open a web browser to the Tomcat URL http://server_name_or_IP:port_number/password   The "Initial Setup" web page should be displayed
5. Set the "admins" password.
6. Enter the directory where the SQLite password database will be stored. The Tomcat service must have read/write permission to this directory.
7. Click on  "Run setup". The Sign in web page should be displayed.
8. On the "Sign in" page enter Username "admin" and the admins password set in the previous step.  
9. The "Safes" page should be displayed. 
10. Click on the "Admin" menu item in the top ribbon.
    a. Create the Users
    b. Create the Groups and assign Users to Groups
    c. Create "Safes" and give "Groups" access to the "Safe"
    d. Add "Passwords" to the "Safes"